Default pr template (#1)
Urjanet/.github: pull_request_template.md

Closes Jira issue: <!-- put ticket link here -->

## What

<!-- Explain or list the changes. -->

## Why

<!-- Explain why these changes are needed and why you chose this approach to solve the issue described in the ticket. -->

## Test Plan

> <!-- Document what automated tests you added to test this change -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Document what automated tests you added to test this change. -->
```

<!-- Add step-by-step instructions on how you tested this change. -->

## Risks and Deploy Considerations

> <!-- Are there any risks inherent in merges and deplolying this code? Are there any special deploy considerations? -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Are there any risks inherent in merging and deploying this code? Are there any special deploy considerations? -->
```
